Update button description help (#3749)
bitfocus/companion: docs/3_config/buttons/button_indicators.md

There are several button indicators you should be familiar with:

| Button                                                                                   | Description                                                                                    |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ![Button latch off](images/button-latch-off-with-topbar.png?raw=true 'Button latch off') | An unpressed button.                                                                           |
| ![Button error](images/button-error.png?raw=true 'Button error')                         | One or more connections referenced in this button's actions are in an error state.             |
| ![Button latch on](images/button-latch-on-with-topbar.png?raw=true 'Button latch on')    | The button was pressed (if shown briefly) or button is held down.                              |

> | ![Button delay](images/button-delay.png?raw=true 'Button delay')                         | There are delayed actions queued to run for this button (using the **internal: Wait** action). |

Author: > Not sure how to do suggested changes (maybe needs permission?)

No permissions needed, just to click the magic button:
https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/commenting-on-a-pull-request

> | ![Button delay](images/button-delay.png?raw=true 'Button delay')                         | There are delayed actions queued to run for this button (using the **internal: Wait** action). |

Author: Trying to combine the various suggestions:

```suggestion
| ![Button latch on](images/button-latch-on-with-topbar.png?raw=true 'Button latch on')    | The button was pressed. Usually the bar is only shown briefly, but it can stay on if you press and don't release the button; this can happen via an Action too, if you use "Button Trigger Press" without "Button Trigger Release" or instead of using "Button Trigger Press and Release" for example.                              |
| ![Button delay](images/button-delay.png?raw=true 'Button delay')                         | Some delayed actions are still queued to run for this button, typically due to the **internal: Wait** action (see [Actions](#header-actions) above), or if they are set to run sequentially (using the **internal: Action Group** action). |
```

> | ![Button delay](images/button-delay.png?raw=true 'Button delay')                         | There are delayed actions queued to run for this button (using the **internal: Wait** action). |

Author: I've tried to combine the suggestions but can't make changes to lines above @Julusian in this comment for some reason, so it's a new one below...
